---
tags:
aliases:
cssclass:
---

- [ ] create an acl 
- [ ] call duke
      updated phone number 

18664944255

from a deleted jira 
-   -   story still needs to be refined. My thought process with this is to be able to use “initiative!=null” or “initiative=null” in filters to separate ideas or non mvp tasks from tasks that don’t contribute to OKRs and initiatives.

Requirement: Add initiative field to default form layout

Examples:

-   as a ServiceNow engineer , I am given OKRs each quarter that align to jira “initiative” issues. To avoid sprint bloat and to allow the ServiceNow engineering team to work more efficiently, I’d like to be able to focus on issues that contribute to the success of an active initiative (active initiative = current date is between the start and end date of the initiative)
-   there may also be times we need to capture a task as an issue in jira and the issue may not be related to mine or chris’ OKRs. But it may be an exception action item that is prioritized as critical. We would also like to separate these issues from the other issues that are truly low urgency/low importance.

What I’m trying to solve for:

-   better process for defining MVP
-   know exactly what my capacity is (realistically. Because I want to provide stakeholders a realistic timeline for their demand. Eventually, I’d like to have demand assessment outputs drive priority.
-   I don’t want to lose sight of questions/unknowns which would be spike stories. Refining these stories would be defining why getting clarity on the unknown is important and what the anticipated risk is of not considering it in the solutions for active deliverables.
-   sometimes development or analysis stories are assigned to me for the current sprint and at some point, we realize that implementing it is not needed to satisfy MVP for a project. At this point, the referenced initiative may either be initially assigned or changed (if decided it’s not in scope of any active initiatives, remove initiative. It may be something we wanna push off til next year or perhaps the next. But we don’t have an existing initiative confirmed for that time frame yet. Or do we have a generic initiative that’s just used as a “folder”) — would love to get some other perspectives on this. Could this get real messy real fast?