---
tags:
aliases:
cssclass:
source:
---

- [x] send this 
Hi Ravali, 
My company is new, so my company itself has not completed anything as of yet. However, I, myself have completed notable implementations in the past year. In the past year, I have contributed to the success of projects for Appriss Insights (an Equifax company) and a ServiceNow partner, SnowFox. 

At Appriss Insights, I am the ServiceNow platform owner. Therefore, I am responsible for taking the lead on all development efforts that involve ServiceNow. 

Some recent accomplishments:
- Migrating several teams completely off CA ServiceDesk to ServiceNow. This involved understanding different workflows from various teams and ensuring these processes were rebuilt in a way that abides by ServiceNow's best practices while still providing a tailored experience. Integrations between ServiceNow and third party systems were in scope of this project as well; some were integrations we were able to implement making use of IntegrationHub spokes, some were custom built especially for integrations with home grown applications. 
- Agent workspace implementation and maturing the use of it on the platform as ServiceNow expands the capabilities of the Now experience UI Framework. 
- During my short time at SnowFox, I built a scalable hybrid solution for a VividCharts (another ServiceNow partner) customer with specific requirements. The Customer's reporting requirements initially could not be configured with ServiceNow and VividCharts out of box capabilities. With the limited time I was given, I reverse engineered how the VividCharts application was built in the ServiceNow platform. I call what I built a "hybrid" solution because of the minimal effort that went towards building something completely custom. 

Outside of the big wins completed in the last year, over the past 5 years of my ServiceNow  development career, I have worked on development on the platform of varying nature. 

Some projects have been personal side projects:  
- Integrating any API I can get my hands on into my personal developer instance. 
- I have competed in past ServiceNow Knowledge hackathons. I have been a part of runner up winning teams (2nd place twice, 2019 and 2020. 

The bulk of my experience comes from the few years I spent consulting at CloudPires (now GlideFast) where I had the opportunity to transform workflows for users working for companies from many different sectors. 

I hope my answer provides better insight into how my past success and my growing skillset could be used to benefit ServiceNow and its customers as a partner. Please let me know if I can provide any additional information. Thank you for reaching out and giving me another chance to refine my answer. I look forward to hearing back. 

Thank you,
Larra Lapid 