---
tags: 
aliases: 
cssclasses: 
post-processed: true
---
- what we know
	- ServiceNow will integrate with Pagerduty 
	- Einstein --> Big Panda --> Pagerduty 
	- Appriss Jira will not be going away, only thing changing is that it's moving to gov cloud 
	- Change management is not currently being used in the Appriss Insights 
	- If our instance will be used for change management, implementation will be approached as if it's a fresh/completely new module implementation
		- while also keeping in mind that other ITSM modules are being used such as Incident management, Problem Management, and Service Catalog/Request Management. Existing use of features and any customization should integrate with change management. 
		- No data migration necessary 
		- We could probably delete all change records when go live happens 
		- The bulk of the work will be more configuration as opposed to any customization or dealing much with application files (stuff tracked in update sets)
- what we don't know 
	- Appriss Insights teams that have some sort of Change management process in place 
		- If there are, what are the
			- workflows and automations involved 
			- applications used 
			- team count 
				- user count per team 
	- CI classes in scope of change management 
- next steps
	- Get a Change management demo scheduled with Equifax 
	- Research and planning tasks 
		- Pagerduty integration 
		- Change types 
		- Maintenance schedules 
		- Risk assessment 
		- Change creation entry points 
		- Parties involved with the change process 
			- Approvers 
			- CAB attendees 
			- People involved with deployment 
		- Identify what CIs would be referenced as the target of the change record 
		- What gets released into production that needs a paper trail due to audit and compliance requirements? 
		- Is the data that would be put into a change and related records considered sensitive? 
- suggested approach 
	- Not recommended to split up ITSM modules between instances. Though this may need to be done somehow depending on CMDB state. 
	- Figure out definitive CMDB sources of truth 
		- Decisions on where those sources of truth are will determine whether a need to integrate Appriss and Equifax instances
			- Methods permitted to modify CI records 
				- what can discovery insert/update?
				- what can Einstein insert/update? 
				- Could activity that occurs elsewhere such as progress on an incident result in a value on a CI record needing to be updated? 
			- If an integration is needed, ideally should be bidirectional. Example: if a CI that has a record for it in both Appriss and Equifax instances.


change management meeting w/ anna 
- pagerduty integration
- can start fresh 
- unknowns
	- jira going away? 
	- ci classes in scope of change management 
- einstein --> bigpanda --> pagerduty 


met with mitch 
- Appriss Jira will remain; is moving to govcloud 
- No 2023 plans for migrating Helpdesk out of Appriss ServiceNow instance. 
	- Helpdesk ceased use of hardware asset management. Appriss devices are being reclaimed and tracked by spreadsheet. 
	- Equifax devices provided to Appriss Insights employees are tracked by Equifax team in their instance. 
- Discovery is running and scanning Appriss CIs. 
	- Clarification needed on
		- mid servers that are set up 
			- how many and hosts 
			- Use outside of discovery
				- Service mapping? 
				- Event management? 
				- Other integrations 
		- Any configurations specific to our CIs 
		- CMDB integrations (specifically for our CIs), both internal and external 
- Next steps
	- Work with Travis Warner to facilitate introduction with platform owner(s) and admin(s). 
		- Become familiar with
			- What exists in their instance that is in any way related to Appriss Insights 
			- Their governance structure 
				- Development roles 
				- Non-technical roles 
					- Process owners 
					- Module admins 
			- What is included in their licensing? 
				- When is their next renewal? 
				- Who is their ServiceNow rep? 
				- Which application suites? 
				- Any special additional plugins or apps? 
				- Custom builds 
				- How many Equifax instances are there? 


