---
summary: null
tags: goals
fileClass:
  - journal
state: done
---
i want to build things. 
i imagine 
	i have a blog that i post to regularly. i'm clicking through pages and theyre posts about my interests and experiments. lessons learned and challenges. this content might help someone. what if i offer an interesting perspective? 
	i've over come the analysis paralysis. i can make decisoins and finish what i started now

i want to address my hoarding problem 

do i get satisfaction from going through data that i saved/bookmarked/wrote down for so that i can refer to it in the future? 
- yes. i love to reread my diaries. it makes me feel good about myself seeing that i have grown. i remember many times i have felt like i was regressing or just stationary and hopeless. 
- the rare times im looking through browser bookmarks, sometimes i will stumble upon something and feel grateful that i saved it. 
- every time im looking for examples of html components or small code snippets, i have realized i have all the codepen-like sites 

so if i enjoy that then imagine how much i would enjoy viewing an archive of content that is originally created by me? data is meaningless by itself. do something with it. 


habits --> routines and routines --> habits. Routines are important because they make habits stick. Commit to a time to devote to the habit (the specific action of it) you're trying to build into your personal protocol. if you can be on time to work meetings and show up, why don't you time block your personal time?  Start with one small thing you can implement in your life that will improve life quality. 