---
tags:
  - zettel
title: 20240514-pm-030007
created: 2024-05-14 03:00:07 PM
updated: 2024-05-14 03:00:45 PM
---
In the out-of-box "Pictures" folder on an Apple system, you can come across various file types. These can include, but are not limited to:

* JPEG (.jpg or .jpeg): A commonly used method of lossy compression for digital images.
* PNG (.png): A raster graphic file format that supports lossless data compression. 
* GIF (.gif): A bitmap image format that supports both static and animated images. 
* TIFF (.tiff): A computer file format for storing raster graphics images, popular among graphic artists and the publishing industry.
* RAW (.raw): A camera raw image file contains minimally processed data from the image sensor of a digital camera.
* HEIC (.heic): High Efficiency Image Format (HEIF) is a file format for individual images and image sequences. 

Note: These are just potential file formats, the actual file extensions in the "Pictures" folder would primarily depend on the types of images/files stored by the user.
The MacOS Photos Library stores your photos in a special folder. Here is how you can find it:

**Step 1**: Open Finder  
* In the Dock, click on the Finder icon (it looks like a blue and white face).

**Step 2**: Go to the Pictures Folder  
* In the left sidebar, click on your username, then double-click on the Pictures folder.

**Step 3**: Find the Photos Library  
* Inside the Pictures folder, you will see a file named "Photos Library". 

**Please note**  
* This is where all your photos from the Photos app are stored. If you have multiple libraries, you'll see them all here.